This lecture will be an introduction to Microcircuits is where we'll be explaining what the micro service
architecture is and its advantages and drawbacks which would help us decide which scenario this architecture
is applicable.
A micro service architecture is based on services and their intercommunication.
So in other words the system is structured as a collection of interconnected services.
The services are fine grained which means they each perform a specific function or task and they are
lightweight.
We'd be talking about how to split a system into different micro services in another lecture for the
purpose of this introduction.
It's important to note that the services are loosely coupled and that a service logically represents
a business activity with a specified outcome and is self-contained.
It is a black box for its consumers which shouldn't need to know anything about its own inner workings
and it may consist or make use of other underlying services.
I've had a diagram here which illustrates how different Microcircuits is making up the entire system
communicate together and provide functionality to the UI the advantages of micro services are that since
services are loose the cup and there is no coupling between components which improves modularity making
them easier to develop understand and test it promotes parallel development as different Microcircuits
services can be developed by different teams using different technologies and Microcircuits architecture
also promotes scalability.
Although if not develop carefully it is still possible of course to develop a system with Microsoft
Airbus's that does not scale well.
The drawbacks of a micro service architecture are that the infrastructure costs are usually higher due
to the need to support a higher number of services and the interprocess communication integration.
This thing also becomes more complex because of the number of micro services that need to be tested
together service management and deployment also becomes more complex and we must be careful to avoid
the National Service Antipater.
And then a service is an Antipater where a service is too fine grained.
In this case the service is overhead such as the interprocess communication overhead utilization costs
Cesena outweighs its utility and in such cases it would make sense.
The package dysfunctionality into a software library or combine it into other services and other things
to note is that graphical user interface based applications may not be suitable candidates for a micro
service architecture especially of these require a lot of data exchange between services.